oh hey guys this is Austin and today I'm
making a very questionable decision this
this actually don't even know what it is
you know it's serious though when you
send it in a freaking creep okay all
right kiss for it wait wait look look at
look at the back look at the back so you
can see this is the PC part you know
we've got your motherboard everything
look at this you've got a power input
and a steel and a USB did they build
appears four into a PC case is that the
title of my video right now through
internal packaging before startup I
wonder if anyone's actually ever tried
to turn it on with all that like my
brand new game PC looks a little weird
inside but whatever oh damn alright
we've got 28 ETI what is this cable it's
going from the PCI slot and it's going
it's being routed through the back is it
like a capture card that's built into
the ps4 maybe okay alright so dribbling
to the back part of the case surprise me
oh we did water cooled they water cooled
the ps4 and they put oh that's so cool
dude this is like the ultimate ps4
straining rocks oh scuf controller you
say okay alright alright so what
oh what oh what did not put them up to
this are you serious he's speechless
know what better way to kick off the new
year than with the sponsor of today's
video audible with audible knowledge you
get access to a wide variety of audible
originals which are high-quality audio
books that you'll only find on audible
but they even have a brand new New
Year's challenge if you listen to three
audiobooks between now and March third
you'll get twenty dollars of Amazon
credit like it's that simple you have to
sign up for anything just listen to some
audio books and you get free money
because free is good right if you're
looking for a new audiobook to listen to
I recommend in the console wars by Blake
Harris in fact it's so interesting we
didn't entire this is episode all about
it so ever when you go to sign up for
audible not only do you get any audio
book including console wars if you'd
like for free but you also get access to
to audible originals and all you need to
do is go to audible.com slash Austin or
Deacon text Austin - 500 500 again
that's audible.com slash Austin or text
Austin - 500 500 and huge thank you to
audible for sponsoring this video right
ready
[Music]
okay so the PC part is definitely firing
up no problem what I don't see is any
thing going on for the ps4 side how did
it get ps4 to turn on to be fair yes so
this one's not turning on or spinning
yeah but that's the one that actually
calls the ps4 oh you are very very
correct so maybe we need to get the kiss
but I just don't see how we're supposed
to be turning on the ps4 right now Yolo
yes that button did exactly what that
button looks like it's going to do so
after some technical difficulties we
have finally gotten our Big O fixed it
was slightly damaged in shipping however
I've actually got to give Origen props
so this is a prototype system but even
just in the last few weeks since we
start working on this video they've
actually updated a few things on our
specific system so now we have a knock
to a fan as well as there's a bracket
for the capture card now this is
certainly not final and some of the
things that are working on is adding a
legitimate power button so right now
when you go to plug it in you have to
turn on with the controller but now
you'll actually be able to use a power
button and they also are adding an
Ethernet jack so those are two of the
things that when I initially looked at
it as like oh but they're working on it
for the final version take a look here
in OBS we have a 4k 60 feet of
battlefront so I can move around and
everything works just fine but on top of
that we're of course running full
windows now the real idea behind this
system is that first and foremost I
think most people are going to be
interested in this for streaming because
with a single computer you're of course
having all the power you want you can
load it up with everything up to like a
28 yeah and a 4i 9 but the cool thing is
you have a ps4 you're having an Xbox
built in with the capture card so this
is all I need to play and stream games
at the same time but if you really want
to be extra with it you could
theoretically have like a second TV
hooked up be playing ps4 on one side be
playing PC games at the other side
streaming it doing whatever you want and
it's all with one single box is it for
everyone absolutely not
when it comes to building the ultimate
ps4 well adding
PC on this sides pretty cool there the
only slight downside is that while you
do have a lot of the things that will be
they'll be adding like Ethernet and
everything like that you still do not
have a disk drive so you will need to
install discs digitally however with a
one terabyte SSD connected to your ps4
not exactly the end of the world so
let's play single players that suck so
inside Windows I'm going to start
recording so we should have a 4k 60 feed
and now if I switch back over to videos
for now mind you what you should be
doing here is using two different
displays not one but I only have one
here so I'm just switching back and
forth this is certainly not final
hardware but I've got to say the Big O
is fairly quiet especially considering
that we have a core I nine r-tx 2080 I
and of course a full ps4 Pro built-in as
well oh well that HD Hartsville whoa
what the ps4 is too hot Tromp the ps4
and wait until the temperature goes down
oh okay
so now would be a good time to mention
that the thermals are not final yet so I
can immediately tell that it's quite hot
on the sides
oh yeah that's uh that's almost 50
degrees with this exhaust right here so
looking at it here I mean the capture
card is warm which makes sense it's a
capture card but the actual ps4
internals don't seem to be particularly
warm I mean yeah there's definitely some
heat up by like the power supply but
nothing that I would consider to be
incredibly dangerous what's interesting
here is if you take a look at the
thermal solution it's actually a little
bit unusual
so inside what you have here is you have
a 240 millimeter radiator which is
dedicated for the CPU fine reasonable
but on top of that we also have our 120
ml radiator which is dumping all the
heat from the ps4 then we have one
additional fan now I wonder in their
testing origin claims that they're able
to play a PC game maxed out as well as
the ps4 and have no issues however this
has been running for maybe thirty
minutes now
getting SCPs fours too hot warnings I
won't be too unfair this is still
prototype they still a lot of work that
they can do with this however it does
concern me is that's a lot of power
right and consider that it's starting to
get a little warm and we don't even have
a game running on the PC right now okay
so ps4 is running let's go ahead and
fire up a Deus Ex benchmark and see what
happens so like right now our CPU is
only at about 65 degrees so the CPU is
well within temperature on the PC side
so the PC doesn't seem to have any major
issues it does seem like the real issue
here is ps4 I think you know it is
holding up and I'm definitely not dying
right now it hasn't turned off yet yeah
look realistically this is a high-end PC
with basically a kind of three-quarters
of another gaming PC that it also has to
cool with the ps4 like I get the idea if
you take a look at the back side
obviously this is plenty of room for the
ps4 motherboard and everything but the
fact is you stuff to cool that and that
little exhaust fan in the back is I
think way more so for like cooling like
the vrm and like the power supply the
main chunk of heat is definitely going
into the PC side of the case with that
120 millimeter radiator and I'm not
totally convinced that that's going to
be enough I kind of think though that a
240 millimeter radiator up front is
going to be necessary but as of right
now I think it is a very cool concept
but I'm really curious to see exactly
what the final version looks like when
it goes on sale at some point in the
future well maybe we should try the Xbox
one next oh I actually didn't wear the
shirt intentionally today on purpose so
of course the Xbox fanboys making fun of
the ps4